SDK doc updates (#262)
bobanetwork/boba: .gitbook/contents/hc/2_addsub/1_write-handler.md

Let's begin by allowing our handler to receive two numbers. It will perform both addition and subtraction on these numbers. If the result of the subtraction results in an underflow (i.e. if `b > a` in the expression `a-b`), the handler will respond with an underflow error. Create a `Python` file in which to copy all the following code blocks.

First, we'll need to import the Hybrid Compute SDK and some `Python` libraries to help with our example:

```python

> import { HybridComputeSDK } from '@bobanetwork/aa-hc-sdk-server';

Reviewer: oh I see where the confusion is coming from now! In the docs you mixed now Python with TypeScript. 

The SDK is available in two different programming languages. 

In Python and in TypeScript. 

That's the python one: 
https://github.com/bobanetwork/aa-hc-sdk/tree/main/server-python

That's the typescript one: 
https://github.com/bobanetwork/aa-hc-sdk/tree/main/server

We should document both.

Let's begin by allowing our handler to receive two numbers. It will perform both addition and subtraction on these numbers. If the result of the subtraction results in an underflow (i.e. if `b > a` in the expression `a-b`), the handler will respond with an underflow error. Create a `Python` file in which to copy all the following code blocks.

First, we'll need to import the Hybrid Compute SDK and some `Python` libraries to help with our example:

```python
sdk = HybridComputeSDK()

from web3 import Web3
from eth_abi import abi as ethabi
```

> The last two, `Web3` and `eth_abi`, are established `PyPI` libraries. The third library, `offchain_utils`, was developed by the Boba Foundation. You can view the [library](https://github.com/bobanetwork/rundler-hc/blob/boba-develop/hybrid-compute/offchain/offchain_utils.py) on our Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last two, `Web3` and `eth_abi`, are established `PyPI` libraries. The SDK, was developed by the Boba Foundation. You can view the [library](https://github.com/bobanetwork/aa-hc-sdk/tree/main/sdks) on our Github.
```

Note: if writing your handler in TypeScript, import the Hybrid Compute SDK and its utility functions like this:

```typescript
import { HybridComputeSDK } from '@bobanetwork/aa-hc-sdk-server';

> const sdk = new HybridComputeSDK();

Author: I didn't realize gitbook had tab functionality! I was planning on switching when we converted to docusaurus, but I can thankfully convert it now.
